doc/README.md, before:

# Building the NeoIPC documentation

If you want to build the NeoIPC documentation from this repository with all features you need the following software:

* [PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/de-de/powershell/)
* [Asciidoctor PDF](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/pdf-converter/latest/)
* [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/)
* [rsvg-convert](https://github.com/GNOME/librsvg/blob/main/rsvg-convert.rst)
* The [Noto Sans](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans) Font

## Installing the tools

### Windows

#### Powershell

If you don't have a modern version of PowerShell on your system, start by installing one from <https://github.com/PowerShell/powershell/releases>.

#### Chocolatey

Next you probably want to install Chocolatey as described at <https://chocolatey.org/install#individual>.

While there are other ways to install the required tools, this is currently the easiest way.

#### Ruby, Pandoc and rsvg-convert

Once you have successfully installed Chocolatey you can install Ruby, Pandoc and rsvg-convert in one go by issuing the following command from a [console with adminitrative privileges](https://www.howtogeek.com/194041/how-to-open-the-command-prompt-as-administrator-in-windows-10/):

```console
choco install ruby pandoc rsvg-convert
```

#### Asciidoctor PDF

Since Asciidoctor PDF is a Ruby Gem it is best to install it via the common Ruby package management command line (that way you get the most recent version and all dependencies).
To do that run the following command:

```console
gem install asciidoctor-pdf
```

#### Noto Sans

To install the Noto Sans font please refer to
<https://fonts.google.com/knowledge/using_type/installing_and_managing_fonts> for how to best install and manage fonts.

### Ubuntu

#### PowerShell, Ruby, Pandoc, rsvg-convert, fnt and Noto Sans

To install PowerShell via apt-get you have to add the *Linux package repository for Microsoft products* which complicates things a bit. Then again, once you have done this, the rest (including installing Google Fonts via fnt) is pretty easy.

The following commands should do the job:

````bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y wget apt-transport-https software-properties-common
source /etc/os-release
wget -q https://packages.microsoft.com/config/ubuntu/$VERSION_ID/packages-microsoft-prod.deb
sudo dpkg -i packages-microsoft-prod.deb
rm packages-microsoft-prod.deb
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y powershell ruby pandoc librsvg2-bin fnt
sudo fnt update
sudo fnt install notosans
````

Commit message:

Rename resx and xslt directories
Also update the setup dos for AsciiMath

doc/README.md, after:

# Building the NeoIPC documentation

If you want to build the NeoIPC documentation from this repository with all features you need the following software:

* [PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/de-de/powershell/)
* [Asciidoctor PDF](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/pdf-converter/latest/)
* [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/)
* [rsvg-convert](https://github.com/GNOME/librsvg/blob/main/rsvg-convert.rst)
* The [Noto Sans](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans) Font

## Installing the tools

### Windows

#### Powershell

If you don't have a modern version of PowerShell on your system, start by installing one from <https://github.com/PowerShell/powershell/releases>.

#### Chocolatey

Next you probably want to install Chocolatey as described at <https://chocolatey.org/install#individual>.

While there are other ways to install the required tools, this is currently the easiest way.

#### Ruby, Pandoc and rsvg-convert

Once you have successfully installed Chocolatey you can install Ruby, Pandoc and rsvg-convert in one go by issuing the following command from a [console with adminitrative privileges](https://www.howtogeek.com/194041/how-to-open-the-command-prompt-as-administrator-in-windows-10/):

```console
choco install ruby pandoc rsvg-convert
```

#### Asciidoctor PDF

Since Asciidoctor PDF is a Ruby Gem it is best to install it via the common Ruby package management command line (that way you get the most recent version and all dependencies).
To do that run the following command:

```console
gem install asciidoctor-pdf
```

#### AsciiMath

The formulas in the documentation are expressed in [AsciiMath](https://asciimath.org/) syntax.
To use it we need to install the AsciiMath Gem via the following command:

```console
gem install asciimath
```

#### Noto Sans

To install the Noto Sans font please refer to
<https://fonts.google.com/knowledge/using_type/installing_and_managing_fonts> for how to best install and manage fonts.

### Ubuntu

#### PowerShell, Ruby, Pandoc, rsvg-convert, fnt and Noto Sans

To install PowerShell via apt-get you have to add the *Linux package repository for Microsoft products* which complicates things a bit. Then again, once you have done this, the rest (including installing Google Fonts via fnt) is pretty easy.

The following commands should do the job:

````bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y wget apt-transport-https software-properties-common
source /etc/os-release
wget -q https://packages.microsoft.com/config/ubuntu/$VERSION_ID/packages-microsoft-prod.deb
sudo dpkg -i packages-microsoft-prod.deb
rm packages-microsoft-prod.deb
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y powershell ruby pandoc librsvg2-bin fnt
sudo fnt update
sudo fnt install notosans
````
